If you're looking at interactive dashboard tools for Python, Shiny for Python and Streamlit
come up a lot and I'm here to tell you the three differences between them.
First one is Shiny's reactive execution means that the elements are minimally re-rendered.
The second key difference is you can build relatively large Shiny applications
without manually managing the application state or caching data either.
And the third key difference is Shiny for Python allows you to
customize the look and feel of your app in a way that Streamlit doesn't.
Shiny for Python is designed to let you grow your app without extensively rewriting your code.
So basically the patterns that you learn when developing a simple app
should be robust enough to help you when you're making a complicated one.
Hope that helps.